Add ability to extract raw samples (#221)
Genentech/jmpost: vignettes/model_fitting.Rmd

## Survival fit plots

And using the `extractSurvivalQuantities()` method we can do the same for the estimated survival
functions.

```{r fig.width=6}
surv_quantities <- extractSurvivalQuantities(
    mcmc_results,
    patients = selected_patients
)
as.data.frame(surv_quantities)
summary(surv_quantities)
autoplot(surv_quantities)
```

> We can also aggregatea the estimated survivl curves from groups of patients, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can also aggregate the estimated survival curves from groups of patients, 
```

using the corresponding method.

```{r, warning=FALSE, fig.width=6}
groups <- split(os_data$pt, os_data$arm)
surv_quantities <- extractSurvivalQuantities(
    groups,
    patients = selected_patients
)

> autoplot(ssurv_quantitie, add_km = TRUE)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
autoplot(surv_quantities, add_km = TRUE)
```
